Defining additional competences (Draft) (#10)
ILIAS-TechnicalBoard/ILIAS: docs/development/maintenance.md

for a new maintainer by the company of the old maintainer will be preferred, if the company recently invested 
substantially in the general condition of the component and the proposed maintainer meets the criteria.

## Implicit Maintainers
If a component is currently unmaintained a developer can take responsibility for it without agreeing to give full support. 
An implicit maintainer will get assinged related bugs automatically and will keep the compontent working through the update cycle. 
S/he will not implement new features or develop the component further. If enhancements of the component are wanted, an
explicit maintainer or coordinator must be assinged.

## Additional Competences
A maintainer can pass certain of her/his competences to other people in the community. Currently these are:

> * The **competence to take care of pull requests** including the rights to merge or close them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **competence to handle of pull requests** including the rights to merge or close them.
```

> * The **competence to triage issues in Mantis** including the rights to relable, reassign, close, or reopen them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **competence to handle issues in Mantis** including the rights to relable, reassign, close, or reopen them.
```
